Added http://bulckcah.com/ (#3)
hackclub/school-toolbox: content/hacky_solutions.mdx

If your school's disciplinary policies are compatible with this, this is a simple solution. Again, **USE AT YOUR OWN RISK**.

## http://bulckcah.com/

> http://bulckcah.com/ is a one for one replica for the main Hack Club website. If you school is blocking the main site because it contains "hack", this might work for you. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## bulckcah.com

If your school is blocking all `hackclub.com` websites, this may be a solution for you. `bulckcah.com` is a proxy serving many Hack Club websites including the main Hack Club website at https://bulckcah.com, workshops at https://workshops.bulckcah.com, among others. To make a `hackclub.com` website accessible through this proxy, make a pull request in the [hackclub/proxyparty](https://github.com/hackclub/proxyparty) repository on GitHub.
```
